rafael swim all of australia happy
Balearic tennis player is satisfied barely
first big slam two years of relationship it
they have been in queen and now it touches
focus on the compatible and recover
an optimal level
pump is proactive in the four finals
open from australia to curb the
simple twists content of coffee here
is according to the king is correct to return to
10 gold rafael nadal turn satisfies
australia already the life that was not one of
the first grand slam favorites of the
Lenten season
before saying goodbye to normal
masterful of media before and from above
this week training already liked
stature in a feeling of a
we suffer the one of our have lost see
how they have lost votes by the end of
day can beat before doubly
they have lovers fought nadal goes to
have discomfort execution try to nash
matches against berdych to be
physically
at this age parents who
that he presented so much in combat the days
next the number three in the world
represented between elements in this
populated the river and good tournaments
All the earth was already missing
reacted trapiello yes that account
that situation when they have had in
truth up and good airs
competitive and if so physically
steinweiss and because nobody so much a little
of rhythm this guy that sent me a
transfer says that even today with two years
Monterrey matches then normally
sensations are easier to find than
of a mixed surface Tuesday will arrive
the first two minutes masters this
Indian season wells and Miami